everything is about to change over the
last 23 years I've made hundreds of
millions of dollars building businesses
and marketing them for some of the
largest brands in the world like Amazon
Adobe and even Google and it's clear to
me that marketing that worked in the
past will not work in 2025 so if I were
starting from scratch today here's what
I would do to guarantee millions of
dollars in Returns on your marketing
this year first the days of relying on
just one platform to grow are behind us
Omni Channel isn't just a buzzword it's
a survival tactic for 2025 with Dropbox
is referral incentives in which if you
tweet or share Dropbox on the Social Web
they'll give you more space because
they're hoping your tweets your posts
will cause more Dropbox signups and
yelp's dominance was through SEO when
you think about it these days you can't
just grow a company through SEO or email
invite flows or a referral system those
channels work great and they do help
with growth a bit but they won't create
multi-billion dollar companies like they
used to all these channels are Super and
Hyper competitive and they're saturated
the way to do well right now is to go
Omni Channel because if you look at
consumer attention it's fragmented
across platforms like Instagram Tik Tok
and even chat GPT look at this chart
when you leverage multiple platforms the
more platforms you leverage when you
look at six plus channels your Roi
becomes higher not just in total but per
platform as well the way you can use
this information in real life is to be
Omni Channel especially on the Social
Web so if you post on Instagram take
that same short form video or image and
post it on Tik Tok you can also post it
on LinkedIn you can also post it on X
you can in essence take the same content
and post it on multiple platforms even
if you have long form content you can
take that long video and chop it up into
short form Clips in essence you're
repurposing content this way you can
make the most out of what you already
have and you can identify the three or
four platform where your audience spends
most their time then you can create a
plan to post not just consistently but
tailor and adjust the content for each
platform because what does well on
LinkedIn doesn't always do well on
Instagram or Tik Tok and what does well
on YouTube doesn't always do well on
Facebook so in Ence you need to adapt
but you shouldn't try to adapt from day
one you should just repurpose and post
your content on all the platforms to see
where your audience is and what they're
engaging with and then adjust from there
search isn't just happening on Google
anymore it's everywhere and your
strategy needs to reflect that 88.5
billion searches daily on Google
Instagram 6.5 billion Amazon 3.5 billion
you look at YouTube Pinterest they're
still getting billions of searches each
and every single day heck chat GPT gets
a billion plus searches a day when you
think about it Google only gets roughly
18% of the daily searches on their
platform the rest on all the other sites
and platforms out there in other words
Google isn't the dominant player like
most people think when it comes to
search the key here is meeting people
where they are so instead of saying hey
I'm going to just optimize for Google or
I'm going to just optimize for YouTube
you meet your customers where they are
one platform isn't better than the other
you want to use each of them for what
they are and meet your customers there
to maximize your traffic your engagement
your sales and revenue by doing this
you'll see faster Revenue growth when we
look at my own company NP digital we're
one of the fastest growing companies or
ad agencies to plus figures in Revenue
the reason being is we didn't just rely
on referrals or ads we leverage
referrals ads rfps we even leverage
Instagram Facebook Pinterest not just
Google but also being in chat GPT we
have gotten leads and companies hiring
us because chat GPT recommended our
agency and we vary up our content type
we have podcasting we have blog posts we
have short form videos we even have long
form images like graphs by doing this
you'll grow faster because people see
your brand everywhere seven of the top
10 Google search queries are brand names
if you don't have a recognizable brand
you're invisible just look at Tesla most
people find it by just Googling Tesla or
going directly to the site they have a
dominance in electric cars you look at
Nike they own a category people think
about athletic shoes they just think
Nike Seth Goden had a quote and it's
amazing quote a logo is not a brand a
brand is a promise if you want to build
a brand it takes time 3 years years to
establish one 10 years to solidify your
brand you need to be consistent in
creating recognizable and trustworthy
content this will help you with your
identity over time now if you want to
build and develop a clear Brand Story
that highlights what makes you unique
you need to create a style guide for
visuals and messaging and use it
consistently across all platforms and
content this is a big mistake people
make they believe that oh I can just
post this on Facebook and do a different
style for Instagram well people will be
confused about your brand you look like
Tesla and Nike and apple they have
consistency no matter what country you
see them in or even what platform you
see them in what's the biggest obstacle
between your customers and a completed
purchase if you're not sure you're
leaving money on the table potentially
up to 18% of your Revenue a few years
ago I was on the phone with this lady
from this company called recurly she's
like did you know twitch made this
change with us and it increase their
revenue roughly by 16 to 18% per month
and I was like really what's the change
she's like They just added PayPal as a
payment option this change required
minimal effort yet yielded significant
financial impact and I was skeptical
about this change so I made the change
with one of our software companies
called Uber suggest no joke after
implementing the change we saw roughly a
18% increase in new monthly revenue and
then from there we started adding other
options Apple pay Google pay heck you
can even do buy now pay later with
Solutions like Clara stripe did a report
showcasing that if you do buy now pay
later you generate roughly 14% extra
Revenue each and every single year it's
all these little things that add up and
as an entrepreneur or marketer or
business person you can't take these
little things for granted they all help
you get an edge over your competition
this allows you to spend more on
marketing and scale faster than your
competition and if you look why this
really helps increase conversions it's
because of the change that Amazon made
years ago one click to purchase Amazon
set a new standard and people are
expecting that that if you can't give
them optionality and make it easier for
them to purchase you're going to lose
people one of the hardest things to do
in marketing is getting someone
interested and wanting to buy from you
so once you get those people who are
interested remove friction and make your
checkout process easy and this is as
simple as adding an additional payment
option on checkout the biggest companies
in the world don't think local they
think Global when you think about
companies like apple Google Microsoft
what do they all have in common yes
they're gigantic companies but they're
global companies they're internal
most people don't know this but 80% of
Apple's Revenue comes from outside the
United States and Google they have
offices and data centers in over 200
cities across six continents if you look
at my company NP digital one of the
biggest reasons for our success is we're
Global we're in 20 plus markets at this
point our second largest market is India
there's a huge unta potential of
Emerging Markets like Brazil and India
and most people think oh the great
markets are UK Germany France and they
are amazing markets they're competitive
markets like India and Brazil they're
growing in population they're booming
and there's tons of money to be made and
best all there's not as much competition
so here's what I would do if you want to
break into the global Marketplace you
first go and look at your traffic you go
to your website your analytics you then
take the main countries and you go look
up what's your GDP and what language do
they primarily speak once you got a list
of that what you'll want to do is go
take your content and have chat GPT
translate and transcribe it into the
localized region you can then use hrf
laying and put that within your source
code of your website to tell Google this
web page right here it's in Portuguese
for people coming from Brazil this web
page over here is English for people
coming from the United States and by
doing this and Publishing your website
in multiple languages based on your
Google analytics data you'll quickly
start getting more people from these
regions visiting your website cuz you're
already getting some they'll have a
better experience so you'll find that
your conversions and your Revenue start
going up the single biggest lever in
growing my companies to nine figures was
hiring people who have done it before
multiple times there's a proven hiring
strategy that I love leveraging when you
look for a candidate and you interview
him they always say oh yeah that was the
reason this company grew look at all
these marketing results I got look at
all this Revenue I Dro do you really
know if they did or not you can't call
their boss and ask them cuz they're
still working there so the secret I use
to really finding amazing talent and
this is what's caused a lot of my growth
is you go look for people who work for
your competitors ideally two or more
competitors they needed to have stayed
there for a while and at each place look
to see if they continually got promoted
if they got promoted multiple times it
means the other company found them
valuable so if they worked at two of
your competitors they got promoted
multiple times it means other people
found them valuable because they
performed so if they work for you
there's a good chance they'll perform
for you as well if you look at the SE of
NP digital his name is Mike alexen he
previously worked at three competing ad
agencies he helped them grow and sell
multiple times for example he was at eye
Crossing he climbed the ranks he
eventually ran operations and that
company sold to herse for over $400
million he also joined cavario then got
promoted as a co-ceo and that company
sold to I Prospect at I Prospect he
started in operations and eventually
became promoted to president an i
Prospect for reference is an ad agency
that employs more than 10,000 people
when you hire people with experience
you'll achieve your financial goals
faster because they come to you with
experience this experience helps you
avoid all the mistakes you would have
made if you never hired him experience
saves time solves problems faster it
brings proven strategies to your
business now when you're hitting these
people up ideally I like using LinkedIn
but instead of saying hey Mike I love
what you did at I Prospect please come
and work for us or hey I want to talk to
you about a job it doesn't work well
it's too direct but when you hit people
up let's say I want to recruit Mike
glixon for my Prospect I would send him
a message saying hey Mike love what you
did in your career congrats on the
success I'm actually looking for someone
like you do you know anyone you can
recommend and in most cases they'll say
hey I'm actually interested in this job
is very indirect and what you'll find is
it converts much better than being
Direct speed and adaptability are
everything in marketing if you're not
testing you're falling behind this
campaign lost me thousands of dollars I
had a CAG who's running ads for my Ad
Agency NP digital we're spending $900
per book call I quickly realized that
this campaign wasn't sustainable and I
canceled it within 24 hours despite it
being a Saturday I quickly launched a
new campaign the same day and waited for
initial results to come through the next
morning that rapid iteration minimized
wasted resources and it maximized my Roi
within a few days I was able to improve
the numbers so much I was able to get
the cost per call down to less than 200
bucks still not optimal but much better
than paying $900 you want to monitor
what you're doing in business whether
it's marketing or sales and have a quick
feedback loop by having that you can
continually test and iterate avoid
catastrophic failures that are going to
cost you a lot of money and iterate
faster so you can get a leg up on the
competition I've made more mistakes than
I can count but those mistakes are the
reason for My Success if you can do this
you're guaranteed to fail in marketing
when I was starting off I always look
for shortcuts that didn't take much
energy to make money and it usually
backfired for example when I was a young
kid I found expired domain name that was
was for uh war that happened and this
domain name had a lot of other websites
linking to it I purchased it added
Casino related content started ranking
for online casino was making money but
it didn't last long at all and I was
number one on Google literally for a few
days for the term online casino
eventually the site got banned moral of
the story is when I was starting out if
I thought longterm about everything that
I was doing in business and marketing I
would have made much more money and
built a much bigger Empire yes it would
have taken me a little bit longer to
make money but that money would have
lasted and compounded and made me much
more over time that's when I realize
that shortcuts May yield the fastest
results but they aren't always
sustainable this is why in today's world
I focus on long-term strategies I would
have achieved more sustainable growth if
time have been invested in more
legitimate long form tactics from the
start I recommend that you do the same
an ego can block your learning but just
because you think you know something
doesn't mean you can't get better
there's always ways to improve there's
always new tools and Trends to watch out
for platforms evolve and you can learn
from anyone even if they're just brand
new to the space but the real key is
that I've learned from all my mistakes
when I was starting off I failed a lot
and I kept failing and I quickly
realized I was making the same mistakes
over and over again I started keeping a
log of all my errors and Main mistakes
and then I even wrote down what I would
do different the next time I was in that
same situation eventually I taught
myself to not make the same mistake over
and over over again this led me down a
path of focusing on the stuff I should
be doing which is what has led to a lot
of My Success the next time you fail
don't beat yourself down look at it as a
learning experience and eventually
you'll start focusing on the things you
should be doing if this help you think
differently about the future marketing
check out my video on how to dominate
against AI competition in 2025